What? Are you so afraid of me?
Then don't be afraid of the reputation of this girl who has broken shoes everywhere.
It's different.
Don’t worry, I’m living in the superior rain now,
I can't kill you, I will know when the time comes.
The alliance has been kept in the dark for so long, and it is about to fall into the trap.
I have to remind you.
Injured, there is death, injured to death, you saved me,
I haven't even got to mention thank you.
Chengxuan, you are so willing and ruthless,
I really deserve to be questioned by a thousand swords,
It's also very good, you can live in it after you get it,
Su Su did my homework and returned Xu Yuzhu to me,
So can you. Of course I will let go.
how do we know
I came here to continue my relationship with Lord Chen Xue, as I said
I've been watching
But that old man who lives in chaos in Hong Kong
Don't think she is a good person
I tell you to stop
That was last time
Study and live in this river treasure
You mentioned something special
Cutting knots cannot control her directly
I remember
On the street with brother Rang
I will want you October
Remember what I said to you
Outside from now on
Surely it can’t be countered? But?
Then we'll leave first
It's fate to meet my brother
Damn, can I still come back?
sure
Wait until the New Year
We can also come to her to eat at her brother's feet
so good to me
I decided
I want to tell you a secret
what secret